In this breakpoint session.
We're going to start by adding breakpoints inside of get grades.
All right.
And now go ahead and press the debug button.
We'll wait for the Tomcat server to load and run on Port 88.
All right.
I will make a get request on local host 88 with path grades.
The Handler method get grades, intercepts, the get request.
You can see that the method has direct access to the model.
The model right now is empty.
There's nothing inside of it.
It has a size of zero.
So we need to give it some data, which is exactly what we're going to do in the next two lines.
So I'll step over this breakpoint and this line creates a plain old Java object with a name, score
and subject.
And then here we're adding a model attribute where a grade key maps to that grade object.
All right.
The model gets populated with data.
You can click here to expand and you'll notice a key value pair.
The key grade maps to a grade object.